05/14/2021 08:41:59 => [Debug] Debug started for file: dataScrapeMyCareerFuture
05/14/2021 08:42:02 => [Info] Matching execution started
05/14/2021 08:42:05 => [Info] Audit: Using Web App. Browser: Chrome URL: https://www.mycareersfuture.gov.sg/
05/14/2021 08:42:10 => [Info] keyword = data analyst
05/14/2021 08:42:17 => [Info] start data scrapping
05/14/2021 08:42:17 => [Info] Audit: Extract Data. From: <html app='chrome.exe' title='MyCareersFuture Singapore | Find jobs in Singapore that match your skills' />
05/14/2021 08:42:24 => [Info] job title URL scrapping completedstart get text Requirements...
05/14/2021 08:42:24 => [Info] job title #1 Data Analyst (JT)
05/14/2021 08:42:29 => [Info] Job Description = • involved in providing ad hoc analysis, insights, and building and maintaining machine learning solutions

· have the ability to use different analytics tools and platforms like SAS, SQL, Python, R. etc.

· basic proficiency in statistical analysis, data mining, machine learning and working with large scale datasets.

05/14/2021 08:42:30 => [Info] job title #2 Business Analyst (Data Visualization) (JT)
05/14/2021 08:42:34 => [Info] Job Description = Responsibilities
• Support the team in the harnessing of Voice of Customer ("VOC") data across the various customer touch points. This involves working with different teams to extract the relevant data onto a central platform

• Coordinate and co-drive customer engagement surveys and deep delve into the survey findings to gather insights; work with respective internal stakeholders on the follow up actions identified from the surveys

• Perform data analysis of the VOC and web clickstream data to garner insights to enhance Customer Experience

• Assist in the setting up Customer Experience Dashboard to ensure insights continue to be acted upon and to create a feedback loop back to VOC

• Coordinate and facilitate Customer Experience initiatives

• Prepare presentations and meeting materials for management

• Assist in ad-hoc tasks in a highly dynamic and challenging environment

Requirements
• Tertiary Degree with minimum of 1-2 years of working experience

• High IT proficiency; good Microsoft Office Excel and Power Point skills is a must

• Creative and displays flair in creating visually impactful presentation slides

• Experience in User Experience / User Interface Design, and Data Visualization (e.g. Tableau, Qlikview) will be an advantage

• Able to analyze and filter through vast amounts of information and highlight key issues / trends for further follow up action

• Able to present information in a clear and concise manner

• Confident, self-driven, self-motivated, and a team player

• Strong communicator with good written and verbal communication skills; and interpersonal skills

• Attention to details and committed to delivering excellent quality of work

• Enjoys working in and has the ability to deliver results in a dynamic and challenging environment, with strong ability to multi-task

05/14/2021 08:42:35 => [Info] job title #3 QA Engineer
05/14/2021 08:42:41 => [Info] Job Description = Leading Manufacturing MNC
  1 year Process QA experience in a manufacturing environment
  Familiar with Minitab, JMP or other similar software will be added advantage
  Immediately Available will be an advantage

Our Client is an well established leader in the Manufacturing industry. With upcoming production requirements in the pipeline locally & overseas, they are seeking for an QA Engineer to join their local team.


Responsibilities:

  Lead a team of Engineering Assistants in the conducting of process audit and data analysis
  Evaluate and recommend solutions via data analysis regarding issues related to the improvement of product quality and resolving of customer feedbacks
  Prepare and present analysis reports
  Lead improvement projects relating to system improvements, data accuracy and efficiency
  Apply software and programming abilities to manage and analyse data from a variety of sources
  Collaborate with colleagues from various departments and internal team to meet project deliverables
  To exercise safety and disciplinary control within own section 8. Any other responsibilities as assigned by superior

Requirements:

  Degree in Engineering, Science or other related fields
  Recommended to have 2 years as Data Analyst or similar function
  Skilled in statistical concepts including probability distributions, hypothesis testing and capability analysis
  Good analytical skills and methodological approach
  Ability to understand basic engineering concepts relating to hard disk media production processes
  Basic programming skills in Python, R and/or other similar languages
  Adept at data visualization via Minitab, JMP or other similar statistical analysis software
  Good verbal and written communication skills

Other Information

  Location: West
  Working days: 5-day work week
  Salary: Negotiable (salary will commensurate according to experience & qualifications).


HOW TO APPLY:
If you are a team player, meticulous & organized, and more importantly, believe that YOU CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE, we would like to hear from you.
Simply submit your application with your updated Resume in MS Word Format to Christopher Ng Wai Yip (christopher.ng@achievegroup.asia) (EA Personnel Reg. No.: R1216778) by clicking the ‘Apply link’ / or call your friendly Consultant, Christopher Ng Wai Yip, at 6590 9963 for a confidential discussion. I will be glad to assist you!
Please indicate the below information in your resume:
• Current & Expected salary
• Reason(s) for leaving
• Notice Period / Availability to commence work

YOUR SUCCESS IS OUR ACHIEVEMENT!

Notice:
We regret that only short-listed candidates will be notified. All applications will be treated with the strictest confidence.
By submitting any application or resume to us, you will be deemed to have read & agreed to the terms of our Privacy Policy, and consented to us collecting, using, retaining and disclosing your personal information to prospective employers for their consideration, and for our marketing EDMs which you may opt out by unsubscribing in the mailer. You may refer and access our website at https://www.achievegroup.asia/privacy-policy/ for more information.

Cessation of Collection of full NRIC Numbers:
In compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act and commitment to protect candidates’ personal data, Achieve Group will cease to collect, process or use full NRIC numbers during our screening and job application process.
Kindly ensure your resumes provided to us does not contain your full NRIC number and full home address during your job application.

05/14/2021 08:42:41 => [Info] job title #4 Data Analyst
05/14/2021 08:42:50 => [Info] Job Description = Analyst, Performance and Analytics
Reporting to the Director of Data, this role is to help turn data into meaningful insights and recommendations for our multi-national clients. As part of the strategy team within a digital-led agency environment, we believe data should be at the heart of our decision-making.
At the beginning, you will be responsible for implementation, tracking and reporting mostly websites for a set of key digital clients. We will invest in your career growth to learn new skills, giving you many opportunities to take ownership of projects and work with cross-functional teams within the agency network, including user experience, brand strategy, creative, and media.

Key Responsibilities
· With supervision help define measurement frameworks for the clients under your portfolio
· Mine data to derive insights on user behavior and performance through reports and dashboards (excel, BI tools, clickstream analytics)
· Maintain and optimize current reporting and dashboards
· Develop new dashboards and custom reporting for specific needs/requests, and continually test and develop innovative tracking and analytics methodologies
· Coordinating tags, tracking parameter implementations.
· Collaborate with technical resources to develop tracking specs and measurement plans
· Understanding of products, competition, industry, marketing goals and principles and how to leverage data to make decisions
· To create holistic reporting dashboards by pulling data from different data sources and websites for monthly client reporting and/or presentations, and articulate the data story to marketing teams
· Research, recommend, and coordinate implementation of new analytics requirements
· Communicate key findings effectively and ensuring that insights that benefit the client are actioned
· Continually educate clients and colleagues on the importance of online measurement & provide best practice guidance on tagging, tracking, and reporting
· Oversee the distribution of a large set of automated reports. Troubleshoot problems, maintain user lists and investigate data problems or inaccuracies.
· Work proficiently in a multi-tool environment to deliver analysis from the right tool for the right need (Email, Social, Web, Database etc.).
· Preferably knowledge to provide technical assistance to data analysts to produce marketing dashboards via Excel and various APIs (e.g. Google Analytics)
· Preferably lead in creation and completion of Multivariate and A/B testing documents (from hypothesis creation to influencing creatives to identifying success metrics) and post test analysis.
· Help manage Client Reporting/Dashboard ecosystem.
· Support marketing/audience initiatives with timely data and insight.
· Strong communication skills
· Passion in behaviour science, marketing intelligence and data storytelling
· Drive a data-driven culture
Knowledge & Experience
· Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Business, Marketing or a technical/quantitative field.
· 4-5 years of experience working in Web Analytics or related field such as: Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, Tableau
· Strong knowledge of Google Analytics reporting & implementation.
· High level of expertise with Business Intelligence tools, such as Google Data Studio, Microsoft PowerBI, CoreMetrics
· At least 2 years of experience in advanced web analytics methodologies such as experimentation and testing, competitive analysis, and market research.
· Experience in product apps, online ecommerce or online support environments, and chatbot is preferable.
· Experience in A/B testing and contextualisation tools such as Optimizely and Adobe Test & Target is preferable.
· Knowledge of Dynamic Tag Manager, Google Tag Manager
· Working knowledge of SQL beneficial
· Experience and expertise in the SEM (Search Engine Marketing) / PPC (Pay Per Click) and SEO (Search Engine Optimization) strategies is preferable.
· Three to five years of experience in using the Microsoft Office suite with very strong Excel skills.
· Strong knowledge of Google Analytics reporting & implementation. GTM experience preferred.
· Advanced Microsoft Excel skills. Data modelling experience a plus.
· Experience with technical analytics implementations strongly preferred.

05/14/2021 08:42:50 => [Info] job title #5 Lead Data Analyst
05/14/2021 08:42:57 => [Info] Job Description = COMPANY DESCRIPTION

    Ascentis is the leader in powering CRM & Loyalty programs for leading brands in Singapore and the region. Our clients benefit from our suite of cutting edge solutions in CRM, Omni-channel Loyalty, Integrated Retail eCommerce, Business Intelligence, Mobile Engagement, and Digital Marketing Services. Voted by senior industry marketers as one of Singapore's award-winning loyalty marketing agency, Ascentis is proud to be leading the customer engagement innovation in the retail, food & beverage, entertainment, and hospitality industries. We are a young spirited company with a culture of innovation. Our teams are driven by experience and passion. We are agile and passionate in what we do. We believe in our people. We believe in ourselves. Our clients believe in us. 
As we continue to scale, we are interested to seek dynamic individual and self-starter to join us on an amazing journey by building great products for clients who believe in us.

    RESPONSIBILITIES

    Build data pipelines (ETL/ELT flows) to retrieve data from various data sources and put them together in a data lake and data warehouse
Build data quality service to ensure the integrity of the data models
Build dashboards using AWS Quicksight
Implement monitoring tools/scripts to identify performance bottlenecks
Optimize data extraction operations so that it does not impede performance of source systems as well as improving the overall performance ETL/ELT jobs
Producing high-quality code
Collaborate with Engineering & Product management team
May be required to work with external partners or clients in building the data pipelines

QUALIFICATIONS
    5+ years experience designing and implementing data processing solutions at scale
BSc in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience
Practical experience designing and implementing with AWS Analytics services, especially Glue, Athena, Lambda, Macie, SageMaker and Quicksight
Familiarity with AWS cloud platform in general, such as the S3 and EC2
Familiarity with Data Lake and Data Warehouse design and best practices such as on data model and data partitioning
Practical experience building ETL/ELT data pipelines and best practices around it, such as on data cleansing, data tokenisation and ensuring good data quality
Experience in data visualization tool such as AWS Quicksight
Familiarity with databases such as SQL Server and PostgreSQL will be advantageous
Practical working experience using Python
Experience in team leading will be advantageous
At least intermediate level in spoken and written English



    Please note that your application will be sent to and reviewed by the direct employer - Ascentis Pte Ltd


05/14/2021 08:42:57 => [Info] job title #6 Data Analyst
05/14/2021 08:43:02 => [Info] Job Description = Who we are
Johnson Controls is the global leader for smart, healthy and sustainable buildings. At Johnson Controls, we’ve been making buildings smarter since 1885, and our capabilities, depth of innovation experience, and global reach have been growing ever since. Today, we offer the world’s largest portfolio of building products, technologies, software, and services; we put that portfolio to work to transform the environments where people live, work, learn and play.

This is where Johnson Controls comes in, helping drive the outcomes that matter most. Through a full range of systems and digital solutions, we make your buildings smarter. A smarter building is safer, more comfortable, more efficient, and, ultimately, more sustainable. Most important, smarter buildings let you focus more intensely on your unique mission. Better for your people. Better for your bottom line. Better for the planet. We’re helping to create a healthy planet with solutions that decrease energy use, reduce waste and make carbon neutrality a reality.

Sustainability is a top priority for our company. We committed to invest 75 percent of new product development R&D in climate-related innovation to develop sustainable products and services. We take sustainability seriously. Achieving net zero carbon emissions before 2040 is just one of our commitments to making the world a better place.

Please visit and follow Johnson Controls Pacific linkedin for recent exciting activities.

JCI Pacific Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/company/johnson-controls-australia-pty-ltd/
Career  The Power Behind Your Mission
OpenBlue  OpenBlue: This is How a Space Comes Alive


What you will do

  The Data Analyst will support the identification of sales opportunities through the systematic mining of existing databases, including but not limited to, SMX, SFDC, and other market, customer and transaction databases maintained by Johnson Controls
  Support Inside Sales team by providing consolidated leads mined from installed base
  Maintain and aggregate various data sources to create consolidated view of sales opportunities, from installed base through to entitlement, pipeline, and current service contracts
  Track, analyze and communicate the performance of country sales activities; support country sales lead to prepare sales forecasts and reports for updates to local and regional leadership
  Provide analytical support to sales and other selling related activities

How you will do it

  Use analytics to support sales function, e.g., through providing transparency on market or customer information, or applying analytics-driven problem-solving to sales challenges, e.g., setting criteria to establish propensity to buy to improve lead quality
  Systematically identify sales opportunities to push through to Inside Sales team for lead generation/qualification through rules-based mining of existing databases
  Proactively suggest tools/platforms that can improve/automate the process of data gathering, consolidation, analysis, and sharing
  Ensure data tools and platforms used by Johnson Controls are up to date
  Build and maintain single “source of truth” for country level data, consolidating multiple data sources across installed base, entitlement, SMX, SFDC, customer, transaction, and other databases used and maintained by Johnson Controls
  Build and maintain visual dashboards (e.g., on PowerBI or Tableau) to support sales function to track and monitor pipeline and achievement to targets effectively

What we are looking for

  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Programming, Data Science, Math, or related field
  Advanced knowledge of Excel
  Proficiency in advanced analytics and programming tools, e.g., Alteryx, R and Python
  Proficiency in visual dashboarding tools, e.g., PowerBI or Tableau
  Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
  Detail orientation with ability to see big-picture trends
  Demonstrated ability to multi-task and meet established deadlines
  Ability to work efficiently as part of a team; ability to manage own tasks with little/no supervision


Diversity & Inclusion
Our dedication to diversity and inclusion starts with our values. We lead with integrity and purpose, focusing on the future and aligning with our customers’ vision for success. Our High-Performance Culture ensures that we have the best talent that is highly engaged and eager to innovate. ​​​​​​ Our D&I mission elevates each employee’s responsibility to contribute to our culture. It’s through these contributions that we’ll drive the mindsets and behaviors we need to power our customers’ missions. You have the power. You have the voice. You have the culture in your hands.


05/14/2021 08:43:02 => [Info] job title #7 Senior Data Analyst
05/14/2021 08:43:06 => [Info] Job Description = Analytics Consultants at eClerx partner with our clients to provide consultative analytics services.  The Consultant is responsible for the end-to-end delivery of analytics projects, having the ability to perform analysis directly and the ability to manage the work of others who are part of the project team.

The successful candidate will have extensive knowledge in the digital and database marketing operations of large brands, particularly in the use of data and analytics contributing to marketing decisions and day-to-day operations.  He/she will also require an enthusiasm in working with our customers’ marketing stakeholders, acting as a subject matter expert to our delivery teams.

The role will collaborate across many areas of our business, including service delivery, and client engagement.  The Analytics Consultant will work with our customers in their offices whenever necessary, helping to design the most efficient data and analytics roadmap for marketing decision support and activities in all conceivable channels.

Position Responsibilities
In this position, you will:

  Meet regularly with clients to identify marketing objectives and needs; define project scope and deliverables that support business goals, and translate them into project specifications for the delivery teams
  Prescribe suitable solutions with an understanding of the limitations of toolsets and available data
  Fetch and analyze Campaign data from disparate sources and drive meaningful insights on customer behavior supported by appropriate statistical summaries
  Visualize Campaign performance and customer lifecycle and provide recommendations on the business rules for effective campaign targeting
  Generate business rules for defining customer segments based on lifecycle analysis
  Interpret analytical results and provide insights; present key findings and recommended next steps to clients.
  Develop tangible analytical projects; communicate project details to clients and internal delivery team via written documents and presentations, in the forms of specifications, diagrams, and data/process models
  Manage procurement of data from various sources and perform data audits
  Facilitate, track, coordinate and communicate reactive and proactive support status and enhancement requests, among the client stakeholders and eClerx delivery teams
  Help Identifying domain and industry best practices and incorporate them into our practice.
  Audit deliverables ensuring accuracy by critically examining the data and reports against requirements

Required Skill Set/Expertise

  Minimum 3-7 years of experience in advanced analytics and/or data scientist role
  Hands-on experience in digital marketing and/or 1:1 marketing in any channel; expert-level knowledge in database marketing and CRM
  Strong analytical and storytelling skills; ability to derive relevant insights from large reports and piles of disparate data
  Working knowledge of analytical/statistical techniques and their applications including but not limited to: - Regression Analysis: Linear, GLM, Non-linear, etc - Decision Trees, SVM, Neural Networks - ARIMA and other Time Series forecasting techniques
  Experience in Hadoop environment – Hive, Presto is a plus
  Experience in Python/R is a plus
  Excellent communications skills, both written and spoken; ability to explain complex technical concepts in plain English
  Working knowledge in data visualization tools (Tableau, QlikView, etc.) is a plus
  Ability to manage multiple priorities and projects, aligning teams to project timelines and ensuring the quality of deliverables
  Passion for data and  analytics for marketing and eagerness to learn
  Comfortable working autonomously with broad guidelines
  Previous consulting experience is a definite plus

Eligibility Requirements

  Education: BS/BA degree or equivalent professional experience required Degree
  Experience: Professional experience in advanced analytics for a Fortune 500-scale company or a prominent consulting organization
  Tools: Reporting – Tableau, Data Extraction tools, Advanced SQL, CRM Analytics, Campaign Marketing, Basic Analytics knowledge – Campaign Analytics, Machine Learning



05/14/2021 08:43:07 => [Info] job title #8 Data Analyst
05/14/2021 08:43:12 => [Info] Job Description = Responsibilities:

  Manage data on AWS platform
  Write efficient SQL query to extract and aggregate data from Oracle DB
  Write Python script to extract open source data for analysis
  Perform Data analytics and Data visualization on large data set using Tableau
  Create dashboard for monitoring and alert user of anomalous event

Requirements:

  Degree in Data Science, Computer Science/ Engineering or equivalent
  Experience in managing data in AWS platform
  Experience in writing Oracle SQL query to aggregate large data set
  Good in Data Visualization using Tableau
  Experience in writing programming languages such as Python and Javascript (NodeJS), so as to create micro-service and handle large data
  Good knowledge in statistics
  Good problem-solving and data investigation skills
  Able to handle a fast-paced environment


05/14/2021 08:43:12 => [Info] job title #9 Senior / Data Analyst
05/14/2021 08:43:17 => [Info] Job Description = The incumbent is responsible for identifying business needs, collect, analyse/interpret and visualize business data, supporting business units/users in decision making and identify improvement opportunities

Responsibilities:

  Identify business needs with business units/users and stakeholders
  Collect data from data source systems, machines and field sensors
  Analyse and interpret data, and taking into consideration business needs
  Automate the data analysis reporting system and assist users with necessary tools to visualize the data and help them to make decisions
  Develop tools to generate reports, dashboards and analyse solutions
  Work with IT and business to ensure data accuracy and availability

Requirements:

  Bachelor Degree in Information Systems / Computational Science /Engineering/ Business Analytics or Master Degree in Data Science/Machine Learning
  Possess analytical / critical thinking and communication skills
  Prior working experience in real estate/facilities management would be an advantage
  Experience in programming languages - e.g. Java, Python, SQL, etc
  Knowledge in data visualization tools like Python, PowerBI or Tableau
  Knowledge in applying statistical tools, machine learning and related AI tools in data analysis
  3 years working experience in data analytics field


05/14/2021 08:43:17 => [Info] job title #10 Senior Data Analyst
05/14/2021 08:43:21 => [Info] Job Description = Job Description:

  Mining data from primary and secondary sources, then reorganizing data in a format that can be easily read by either human or machine.
  Using statistical tools to interpret data sets, paying particular attention to trends and patterns that could be valuable for diagnostic and predictive analytics efforts.
  Preparing insights in dashboards and reports for executive leadership that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions using relevant data.
  Collaborating with architect, engineers, and organizational leaders to identify opportunities for data improvements, recommend system modifications, and develop policies for data governance.
  Creating appropriate documentation that allows stakeholders to understand the steps of the data analysis process and duplicate or replicate the analysis if necessary.
  Design, develop and implement standardised regional templates / products together with the Product Owner and assist with regional roll-outs
  Investigation and understanding data landscape - Evaluate and improve on existing products
  Build standardised KPI’s that can be reused in various products in the region and the markets
  Evaluate the accuracy and quality of data - Ensure that standardized solutions are delivered
  Ensure consistency and adherence to Overseas IT landscape
  Conduct post-implementation assessment to ensure that required value was delivered Tasks Description
  Align all stakeholders to ensure that business requirements are adequately gathered, defined, documented and communicated
  Ensure that all requirements are considered within regional context
  Ensure that requirements are reusable and can fit regional roll-outs to try and limit the requirements for market adaptation
  Develop, implement and manage effective operational processes with focus on customer service
  Familiarity with the agile methodology would be an advantage
  Handing over solutions / products to support department after implementation has been completed
  Strong analysis and troubleshooting skills (i.e. bug fixing and L3 support)

Job Requirement:

  Minimum 5+ years’ of work experience
  Experience in Python and R for data analytics (expert). Other languages would be an advantage
  Working understanding for Microsoft Azure
  Expert level in Microsoft PowerBI
  Strong SQL skills
  Data modelling concepts - i.e. entity-relationship models
  Specific knowledge in the area of People Management, IT and Process knowledge


05/14/2021 08:43:22 => [Info] Matching execution ended in: 00:01:19
